Cambia/ HealthSparq Take-Home Exercise Introduction

Thanks for applying to HealthSparq! A wholly owned company of Cambia. This take-home exercise
should give you a sense of the kind of technical skills we need to help us build world-class software. We
hope you enjoy thinking about these questions and sharing your knowledge.
Try to answer in a way that helps us understand not only what you know, but also how you think. Be
prepared to talk about any of these answers in a follow-up session.
Please submit answers to all of the exercises by checking them into a personal GitHub account and
sending recruiter a link to the repository. Use GitHub in a way that demonstrates your thought process.
Reach out if you have any questions.

Programming

Design a tool for pet adoption. The first feature set for this tool will intake some pets, and then search
for pets by location (zip code), animal type, or animal gender.
This is a starting point for conversation so please spend an hour or two, but not more than three, on the
exercise.

The initial desired functionality includes:
• intake pets in bulk (see sample data below)
• search for pets in a location
• search for pets of a certain type
• search for pets of a gender
• search for pets by any combination of the above

This should be backend work only and should not need to incorporate a database or persistent storage
yet. It should be runnable, for example via the com.gonzobeans.codesample.petscmd.command line, with com.gonzobeans.codesample.petscmd.command line arguments to supply
the input file and search options.

Please document assumptions you are making and reach out if you have any questions.
Optionally, if you have some allotted time left and really want to get these animals adopted, consider
the adoption side of operations. How would you manage adoption eligibility, fees, and supply an
adoption record of a pet? What else would you need to know?
Feel free to write code or write out some ideas about how you might extend the tool to support
adoption features.

Sample csv data:
Id Name Type Gender ZipCode
1 Snoopy dog male 97205
2 Willow cat female 97205
3 Yoda dog neutered 90210
4 Lassie dog spayed 90210
5 Fluffly rabbit female 97215
6 Rhea cat spayed 97215
7 Lese cat spayed 97215
8 Rascal dog male 97205

Testing Methodology
Share your thoughts on testing (unit & integration) the application you just built.

Tools
In your opinion, what’s helpful about version control systems? What’s annoying about them?


=========
NOTES:
Strings used for Ids because it allows for more flexibility

expediency:
Since HashMap is just a temporary repository, no effort made to make this threadsafe.
Assume no headers in CSV file -- should work if headers are present -- header row will be thrown out
If repetitions in IDs they will be overwritten silently
If bad formatting in input, will be thrown out silently
Searching will be case sensitive on the value side

Ran into timebox on searches -- but the PetRepository has completed search in methods.